added feed and live command with upload. (#162)
0chain/zboxcli: README.md

```

## Live

Use `live` to capture video and audio streaming form local devices, and upload

The user must be the owner of the allocation.You can request the file be encrypted before upload, and can send thumbnails with the file. 

| Parameter               | Required | Description                                          | Default | Valid values                            |
|-------------------------|----------|------------------------------------------------------|---------|-----------------------------------------|
| allocation              | yes      | allocation id, sender must be allocation owner                     |         | string                 |
| commit                  | no       | save metadata to blockchain                                        | false   | boolean                |
| encrypt                 | no       | encrypt file before upload                                         | false   | boolean                |

> | localpath               | yes      | local path of the file to upload                                   |         | file path              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| localpath               | yes      | local path of segment files to download, generate and upload                                   |         | file path              |
```

| remotepath              | yes      | remote path to upload file to, use to access file later            |         | string                 |
| thumbnailpath           | no       | local path of thumbnaSil                                           |         | file path              |
| chunksize               | no       | chunk size                                                         | 65536   | int                    |
| delay                   | no       | set segment duration to seconds.                                   | 5       | int                    |

<details>
  <summary>live</summary>

![image](https://github.com/0chain/blobber/wiki/uml/usecase/live_upload_live.png)

</details>

## Feed

> Use `feed` command to automatically download segment files from remove live feed with `--downloader-args "-f 22"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `feed` command to automatically download segment files from remote live feed with `--downloader-args "-q -f best"`
```

 - encode them into new segment files with `--delay` and `--ffmpeg-args`, and upload. 
 - please use `youtube-dl -F https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pC5mGB5enkw` to list formats of video (see below).

The user must be the owner of the allocation.You can request the file be encrypted before upload, and can send thumbnails with the file. 

| Parameter               | Required | Description                                          | Default | Valid values                            |
|-------------------------|----------|------------------------------------------------------|---------|-----------------------------------------|
| allocation              | yes      | allocation id, sender must be allocation owner                     |         | string                 |
| commit                  | no       | save metadata to blockchain                                        | false   | boolean                |
| encrypt                 | no       | encrypt file before upload                                         | false   | boolean                |

> | localpath               | yes      | local path of the file to upload                                   |         | file path              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| localpath               | yes      | local path of segment files to download, generate and upload                                   |         | file path              |
```
